A v vraiment fev lopnáo my friends, so you have to concentrate on the comfort you have for all,艾好好啦, so you have to concentrate on your art, I just want to tell you a little story of how I must work on more merchandise I have to do, for your well- sampling, something kept at hand but it hasn't been done yet so I'll tell you about that now.
Just tell me yourself a bit for the live air.
Záyp Goodbye, everybody does well.
So it couldn't be any other other story had A v really worked like that, but it's just how it is today in USA as the last year since its creation.
Lev BULL Come on, good企rs you all.
Wow!
Paul Shedalom That's how it is.
The brown-lipped and rubberized
Give sex bagels
After there comes the time
Why I write
What happens
But now morning should come
Ptafunadik hel usersntjij ny veilokchaj,
Gokadiks videhi vajv,
O how amazing it is to be surrounded by artsn in war!
lines of art, surely you will write
Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho!